20_Using AR/VR for Shopping \B

Group Members:
1. Jaaie Kadam
2. Prachi Manera

Description: V-Mart is a virtual reality-based smartphone application that will allow users to experience the immersive-ness and lifelike quality of a typical brick-and-mortar shop. The World Health Organization (WHO) proclaimed the new pathogenic Covid-19 outbreak to be a Public Health Emergency of International Concern following the outbreak. Everything was shut down, and no one was permitted to be out in public for any purpose. When the government imposed social distance rules and a limit on the number of people permitted in shopping malls, consumers flocked to internet shopping since it was more convenient. But, when it comes to buying, the most essential component is "trust," which e-commerce websites do not provide since consumers do not have the opportunity to inspect the goods in person, which is a key factor in allowing the consumer to make an educated decision. As a result, this V-Mart solution was created, which combines the benefits and convenience of e-commerce websites with the in-store experience. V-Mart focuses on providing people with all of their monthly necessities. Customers that use V-Mart will be able to shop at their leisure, from anywhere and whenever they choose. Users may stroll through the mall, selecting and inspecting anything they desire to purchase in 3D. When the user selects the product, the screen will display all of the relevant information about the product. If the user does not want to spend too much time exploring, they can utilize the navigation or search functions. Users will be able to rate and express comments on their shopping experience and particular goods, and they will also receive suggestions based on their input and purchase history.
